the vast majority of people who click on
this video have absolutely no interest
in the history of the controversy
between myself and Internet loser
sorties internet nobody psyccritiques
however some of you might be addressed
in in having a glance back at what my
content on social media used to look
like before I even had a YouTube channel
you're also gonna hear some optimistic
reflections from me about the extent to
which I think the Internet is actually
becoming a better and better place I
think that people are learning to cope
with the climate of Perpetual defamation
in all directions at all times which
goes on on the internet before ever at a
YouTube channel this is an example of a
post I made in completely good faith and
with good intentions on my blog that was
then denounced as harassment by SOI
Cortese this was denounced as harassment
of women by Socrates this reflects a
very interesting time in my life when I
was in France with my first wife and our
tiny baby daughter and I'm complaining
as any vegan might that in France you're
surrounded by baby food made out of
mushed up veal doesn't just cow meat
it's baby cow meat you're supposed to
start at only 6 months old
feeding veal to your baby and this is
this is so-called normal here so I
complain the French feed veal to their
infants starting just a few months after
birth apart from the vampiric imagery
involved of baby eating baby so to speak
you really have to wonder at the
assumption that it would be normal for a
baby who had barely developed its first
teeth to Rend the flesh of a cow but
this is France assimilate or leave I'm
leaving so this is in the period when I
was still living in France with my first
wife but we had already made up our
minds that we were gonna give up and
leave France a very difficult airplane
journey with my tiny baby daughter all
bundled up in her arms here what you see
on screen is I got an angry comment in
reply to that from a meat-eater
someone who was anti vegan and uh I
respond to that comment in a humorous
way in purple text there you see what
the anti vegan person says what this is
in France do you really care that much
about the dietary morals of a French
baby yes I do actually I'm vegan and I
sincerely care about the dietary morals
of French babies including my own French
baby who's still growing up in France
going to French school by the way and we
don't know we don't know to what extent
Mac's wife is now raising her as a
meat-eater rather than a vegan but my
ex-wife long ago gave up veganism both
as a diet and as an ethical system stop
trying to discuss people and give them a
false image of impurity because of a
cultural difference so again I I made a
vaguely humorous mocking post in reply
to this saying she may look harmless but
she would feed veal to a baby and it's
not because she's a French nationalist
apparently this is the stunning response
to my earlier post that barely made any
comment on the practice of turning veal
into baby food feeding it to infants at
the start of their fifth month of life
according to official guidelines because
I think the label on the baby food
packaging pretty much condemns itself so
yeah this is this very kind of mild
mocking a form of humor I engaged in on
my blog and then soy forties tried to
harness this as evidence that I'm
harassing and stalking the internet so
then look you know soy Cortese herself
whether it's under the name so I kirti's
or under the name Chantal Robin or under
the name Ariel Carla under all these
different names she very harshly insults
and condemns people all over the
internet she very harshly denounces and
defames me she doesn't perceive anything
she does herself as harassment but she
provides links to precisely these posts
on my blog as proof of me harassing
others so again very very funny to look
back at this now
today in the year 2020 I just don't
think people in the audience are so
easily manipulated I think people know
to kinda click on the link and check
what the person actually said I don't
think anyone would even be manipulated
today in the same way that they were
manipulated by Joe best on all sides of
the Joe best countries I can think of a
lot of examples of really insane
controversies within veganism that I
don't think could happen again today all
right my reckless optimism aside so
here's here's someone just making an
anti vegan statement on tumblr okay so
if you are vegetarian or vegan because
you think it's wrong to eat something
that was once living and think about
this if it's wrong for us the top of the
food chain to eat animals tell all the
other animals to eat other animals that
they are doing it wrong because they're
being immoral in fact if it's wrong to
eat living things then stop eating
plants it's the circle of life
start eating processed nonliving garbage
and maybe you can escape autocracy she
tells us with a curse word to shut up
and there's more more hatred in the tags
at the bottom sec so again this is the
same kind of running gag as I said
before the same joke why just say know
your enemy she may look harmless but
she's more dangerous than Monsanto there
are millions just like her swarming all
around us all the time with that same
malevolent stare oh yeah let's let's
just do this you have to admit that's a
somewhat that's a somewhat malevolent
look at her eyes anyone who actually
practices the virtue that they preach is
not a hypocrite regardless of how
debatable those virtues may be if
someone tells me that he thinks every
young man should join the army at age 18
he is not a hypocrite for saying so
presuming that he joined the army
himself at age 18 I've met a few guys
like that anyone can practice veganism
whereas not everyone can join the army
someone who says that people should and
who also does so themselves is therefore
immune to any possible charge of
hypocrisy by contrast preaching the
religious concept of the food chain and
not actually practicing what you preach
that would make you a hypocrite
jaelyn log is obviously the name of our
website not the name for his person and
again this very mild humorous response
to an anti vegan on the internet there
it says the the bottommost example
harassment abuser Jilin vog whatever
this is stated to the audience with no
humor as an example of me harassing a
woman on the internet but this is
harassment this is one of the main posts
from my own vlog that she provides a
link to as an example of me supposedly
harassing her or justifying her hatred
or or rage towards me and all that I say
here is there was a time when Socrates
was keeping it somewhat realer on tumblr
this reflection was buried roughly 1000
pages back in her blogs history I only
saw it because I wondered how many pages
that were in total and wow you really
notice a different attitude when she was
first starting off in this medium in
terms of what I'm alluding to here if
you go back to the picture you can see
just below the image she's reflecting on
how eating a scone makes her feel proper
and that she goes on to talk about
poverty and student loans but her own
desire to live a more glamorous or
luxurious lifestyle it's just a more
down-to-earth set of reflections as
opposed to the insane ego trap she got
on with the tiny amount of Fame the
internet had offered her and I remark
philosophically enough tumblr is a Hall
of Mirrors people stick their faces into
it and see themselves distorted a
thousand times over staring back why I
think people go in with all kinds of
motives and tend soon enough to forget
what those motivations were so she could
have responded to this in any way
whatsoever
I can't even again I can't even really
say this is me criticizing her it's just
a sort of reflection on her internet
career such as it was but no with
absolutely no irony she provides the
link to this an example of harassment
and of me being a misogynist and so on
and again she's made this allegation
with these
I mean she copied and pasted the same
list of links she's done this on reddit
for years she's got she tried her
hardest to get me kicked out of reddit
groups and Facebook groups she went
around trying to build up this legend
that I was you know worse than Cobra
Commander then I was worse than Megatron
that I was worse than Skeletor um
because of these this so-called
harassment on the Internet deep deep
into this somewhat ridiculous
controversy
I made this illustration after Socrates
had already been defaming and denouncing
me for some time after she had been
demanding that my blog be deleted for
sometimes she had a whole campaign of
asking people to join in and write to
the administrators at the web site and D
platform me he would now say deep laugh
for me delete my blog and after she
carried on this campaign I made this
somewhat ironical image in response to
her that shows her in between communist
philosopher Slovakia Jack and Socrates
at that time she was very very far to
the left she had a lot of communist
stuff like sloth Wujek I don't know if
politically she's still that far
left-wing anymore and of course she is
wearing a Dungeons & Dragons t-shirt to
which I asked fashion or fashion
statement and the joking humorous
contrast I make is to myself wearing a
series of t-shirts with political
statements these are political
statements I would be willing to make on
a t-shirt whereas I would not be willing
to wear a Dungeons & Dragons t-shirt
here's the good news guys stupidity and
skepticism are two totally different
things I don't think that human beings
on planet earth are suddenly getting
dramatically more intelligent I don't
think they're suddenly getting less
stupid but they have definitely become
more familiar with the process and the
product of defamation of the internet
human nature doesn't change but
technology does people have learned that
while the Internet
may resemble a newspaper it's not
written by journalists it doesn't face
editorial scrutiny that when you see
factual claims made on the Internet
you have to think skeptically you have
to think procedurally you have to
question the motives of the author you
have the question how you'd be able to
verify any of the claims made by that
author and sometimes all that
verification requires is clicking on a
link that tells you something is
harassment that tells you something as
misogyny and questioning for yourself is
this in fact harassment coming from a
misogynist or is this just a mildly
humorous statement from a vegan in
response to someone who basically sent
him hate mail when he complained that
you know what it's pretty weird here in
France that people mash up baby cows and
then feed them to their own human babies
as veal
[Music]